Support for environment files in set_env (#2223)
tox-dev/tox: docs/config.rst

.. conf::
   :keys: set_env, setenv

   A dictionary of environment variables to set when running commands in the tox environment. Lines starting with a

>    ``file|`` prefix are considered environment files to load with their location being the content minus this prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``file|`` prefix define the location of environment files.
```

I think it is both clear that the file prefix is omitted and that a configuration file will be loaded If given.

What maybe is missing... When using a relative path, which base path is asumed? The directory of the tox configuration file?

And are placeholders like `toxinidir` supported?

Author: Within the file itself no, within the `file|` part yes.

Author: Actually, it wasn't, but now I've fixed that part.

    .. note::

       Environment files are processed using the following rules:

>        - blank lines ignored,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       - blank lines are ignored,
```

       - lines starting with the ``#`` character are ignored,

>        - each line is in KEY=VALUE format; both the key and the value is stripped,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       - each line is in KEY=VALUE format; both the key and the value are stripped,
```
